Q-1. What is emmet?
     Emmet is an abbreviation that shows suggestion list. It is a built-in feature in Visual Studio Code.

Q-2. Difference between Library and Framework?
    A framework is used for building and deploying an application quickly. When we use a framework, we can use resources to facilitate faster development and a greater user experience. A library is used to enhance the functionality of an application. If we develop our own library, we can use the functions in many applications.

Q-3. What is a CDN? Why do we use it?
    Content Delivery Network or CDN is a network of interconnected servers that speeds up webpage loading for data-heavy applications.
    Benefits of CDN:
        -Reduce page load time
        -Reduce bandwidth costs
        -Increase content availability
        -Improve website security

Q-4. Why is React known as React?
    React is called "React" because of its core feature, which is its ability to "react" or respond dynamically to changes in data.

Q-5. What is Cross-origin in script tag?
A cross-origin request is a request for a resource from another domain. Web pages often make requests to load resources on other servers, so the cross-origin attribute is used in script tag.

Q-6. What is the difference between React and ReactDOM?
    React is a javascript library, designed for building better user interfaces whereas React-DOM is a complimentary library to React which glues React to the browser DOM.

Q-7. What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?
    In development mode, we can enable and utilize React developer tools, devtools profiler, debugging environment attached with source code. We can utilize various functionalities such as Hot Module Replacement, diagnostics so that development environment will help to debug code.
    In production mode, compression and minification of Javascript and other resources happens to reduce size of the code which is not the case when it comes to development mode. Performance will be much faster in production mode when compared to development mode.

Q-8. What are async and defer?
    Async allows your script to run as soon as it’s loaded, without blocking other elements on the page. Defer means your script will only execute after the page has finished loading.